README.md, before:

first slider- template from w3 schools
grabbing cursor

# Frontend Mentor - Interactive pricing component

![Design preview for the Interactive pricing component coding challenge](./design/desktop-preview.jpg)

## Welcome! 👋

Thanks for checking out this front-end coding challenge.

[Frontend Mentor](https://www.frontendmentor.io) challenges allow you to improve your skills in a real-life workflow.

**To do this challenge, you need a basic understanding of HTML, CSS and JavaScript.**

## The challenge

Your challenge is to build out this interactive pricing component and get it looking as close to the design as possible.

You can use any tools you like to help you complete the challenge. So if you've got something you'd like to practice, feel free to give it a go.

Your users should be able to:

- View the optimal layout for the app depending on their device's screen size
- See hover states for all interactive elements on the page
- Use the slider and toggle to see prices for different page view numbers (details provided below)

Want some support on the challenge? [Join our Slack community](https://www.frontendmentor.io/slack) and ask questions in the **#help** channel.

### Page view and pricing totals

Here are the different page view ranges and the corresponding monthly price totals:

- 10K pageviews / $8 per month
- 50K pageviews / $12 per month
- 100K pageviews / $16 per month
- 500k pageviews / $24 per month
- 1M pageviews / $36 per month

If the visitor switches the toggle to yearly billing, a 25% discount should be applied to all prices.

## Where to find everything

Your task is to build out the project to the designs inside the `/design` folder. You will find both a mobile and a desktop version of the design to work to.

The designs are in JPG static format. This will mean that you'll need to use your best judgment for styles such as `font-size`, `padding` and `margin`. This should help train your eye to perceive differences in spacings and sizes.

If you would like the design files (we provide Sketch & Figma versions) in order to inspect the design in more detail you can [subscribe as a PRO member](https://www.frontendmentor.io/pro).

You will find all the required assets in the `/images` folder. The assets are already optimized.

There is also a `style-guide.md` file, which contains the information you'll need, such as color palette and fonts.

## Building your project

Feel free to use any workflow that you feel comfortable with. Below is a suggested process, but do not feel like you need to follow these steps:

1. Initialize your project as a public repository on [GitHub](https://github.com/). This will make it easier to share your code with the community if you need some help. If you're not sure how to do this, [have a read through of this Try Git resource](https://try.github.io/).
2. Configure your repository to publish your code to a URL. This will also be useful if you need some help during a challenge as you can share the URL for your project with your repo URL. There are a number of ways to do this, but we recommend using [Vercel](https://bit.ly/fem-vercel). We've got more information about deploying your project with Vercel below.
3. Look through the designs to start planning out how you'll tackle the project. This step is crucial to help you think ahead for CSS classes that you could create to make reusable styles.
4. Before adding any styles, structure your content with HTML. Writing your HTML first can help focus your attention on creating well-structured content.
5. Write out the base styles for your project, including general content styles, such as `font-family` and `font-size`.
6. Start adding styles to the top of the page and work down. Only move on to the next section once you're happy you've completed the area you're working on.

## Deploying your project

As mentioned above, there are a number of ways to host your project for free. We recommend using [Vercel](https://bit.ly/fem-vercel) as it's an amazing service and extremely simple to get set up with. If you'd like to use Vercel, here are some steps to follow to get started:

1. [Sign up to Vercel](https://bit.ly/fem-vercel-signup) and go through the onboarding flow, ensuring your GitHub account is connected by using their [Vercel for GitHub](https://vercel.com/docs/v2/git-integrations/vercel-for-github) integration.
2. Connect your project to Vercel from the ["Import project" page](https://vercel.com/import), using the "From Git Repository" button and selecting the project you want to deploy.
3. Once connected, every time you `git push`, Vercel will create a new [deployment](https://vercel.com/docs/v2/platform/deployments) and the deployment URL will be shown on your [Dashboard](https://vercel.com/dashboard). You will also receive an email for each deployment with the URL.

## Sharing your solution

There are multiple places you can share your solution:

1. Submit it on the platform so that other users will see your solution on the site. Here's our ["Complete guide to submitting solutions"](https://medium.com/frontend-mentor/a-complete-guide-to-submitting-solutions-on-frontend-mentor-ac6384162248) to help you do that.
2. Share your solution page in the **#finished-projects** channel of the [Slack community](https://www.frontendmentor.io/slack).
3. Tweet [@frontendmentor](https://twitter.com/frontendmentor) and mention **@frontendmentor** including the repo and live URLs in the tweet. We'd love to take a look at what you've built and help share it around.

## Giving feedback

Feedback is always welcome, so if you have any to give on this challenge please email hi[at]frontendmentor[dot]io.

This challenge is completely free. Please share it with anyone who will find it useful for practice.

**Have fun building!** 🚀

Frontend Mentor - [Challenge title] solution
This is a solution to the [Challenge title] challenge on Frontend Mentor. Frontend Mentor challenges help you improve your coding skills by building realistic projects.

Table of contents
Overview
The challenge
Screenshot
Links
My process- started to make mobile
Built with
What I learned
Continued development
Useful resources
Author
Acknowledgments
Note: Delete this note and update the table of contents based on what sections you keep.

Overview
The challenge
Users should be able to:

Screenshot


Add a screenshot of your solution. The easiest way to do this is to use Firefox to view your project, right-click the page and select "Take a Screenshot". You can choose either a full-height screenshot or a cropped one based on how long the page is. If it's very long, it might be best to crop it.

Alternatively, you can use a tool like FireShot to take the screenshot. FireShot has a free option, so you don't need to purchase it.

Then crop/optimize/edit your image however you like, add it to your project, and update the file path in the image above.

Note: Delete this note and the paragraphs above when you add your screenshot. If you prefer not to add a screenshot, feel free to remove this entire section.

Links
Solution URL: Add solution URL here
Live Site URL: Add live site URL here
My process
Built with
Semantic HTML5 markup
CSS custom properties
Flexbox
CSS Grid
Mobile-first workflow
React - JS library
Next.js - React framework
Styled Components - For styles
Note: These are just examples. Delete this note and replace the list above with your own choices

What I learned
Use this section to recap over some of your major learnings while working through this project. Writing these out and providing code samples of areas you want to highlight is a great way to reinforce your own knowledge.

To see how you can add code snippets, see below:

<h1>Some HTML code I'm proud of</h1>
.proud-of-this-css {
  color: papayawhip;
}
const proudOfThisFunc = () => {
  console.log('🎉')
}
If you want more help with writing markdown, we'd recommend checking out The Markdown Guide to learn more.

Note: Delete this note and the content within this section and replace with your own learnings.

Continued development
Use this section to outline areas that you want to continue focusing on in future projects. These could be concepts you're still not completely comfortable with or techniques you found useful that you want to refine and perfect.

Note: Delete this note and the content within this section and replace with your own plans for continued development.

Useful resources
Example resource 1 - This helped me for XYZ reason. I really liked this pattern and will use it going forward.
Example resource 2 - This is an amazing article which helped me finally understand XYZ. I'd recommend it to anyone still learning this concept.
Note: Delete this note and replace the list above with resources that helped you during the challenge. These could come in handy for anyone viewing your solution or for yourself when you look back on this project in the future.

Author
Website - Add your name here
Frontend Mentor - @yourusername
Twitter - @yourusername
Note: Delete this note and add/remove/edit lines above based on what links you'd like to share.

Acknowledgments
This is where you can give a hat tip to anyone who helped you out on this project. Perhaps you worked in a team or got some inspiration from someone else's solution. This is the perfect place to give them some credit.

Note: Delete this note and edit this section's content as necessary. If you completed this challenge by yourself, feel free to delete this section entirely.

Commit message:

finished CSS on larger slider--for now

README.md, after:

New things I learned/looked up:
first slider- template from w3 schools
grabbing cursor
CSS/filter brightness to make an existing color darker

Challenges: 

Known bugs: 
1.disappearing slider when not in use-- JS issue
2.slider/box-shadow stay lighter color on grip

# Frontend Mentor - Interactive pricing component

![Design preview for the Interactive pricing component coding challenge](./design/desktop-preview.jpg)

## Welcome! 👋

Thanks for checking out this front-end coding challenge.

[Frontend Mentor](https://www.frontendmentor.io) challenges allow you to improve your skills in a real-life workflow.

**To do this challenge, you need a basic understanding of HTML, CSS and JavaScript.**

## The challenge

Your challenge is to build out this interactive pricing component and get it looking as close to the design as possible.

You can use any tools you like to help you complete the challenge. So if you've got something you'd like to practice, feel free to give it a go.

Your users should be able to:

- View the optimal layout for the app depending on their device's screen size
- See hover states for all interactive elements on the page
- Use the slider and toggle to see prices for different page view numbers (details provided below)

Want some support on the challenge? [Join our Slack community](https://www.frontendmentor.io/slack) and ask questions in the **#help** channel.

### Page view and pricing totals

Here are the different page view ranges and the corresponding monthly price totals:

- 10K pageviews / $8 per month
- 50K pageviews / $12 per month
- 100K pageviews / $16 per month
- 500k pageviews / $24 per month
- 1M pageviews / $36 per month

If the visitor switches the toggle to yearly billing, a 25% discount should be applied to all prices.

## Where to find everything

Your task is to build out the project to the designs inside the `/design` folder. You will find both a mobile and a desktop version of the design to work to.

The designs are in JPG static format. This will mean that you'll need to use your best judgment for styles such as `font-size`, `padding` and `margin`. This should help train your eye to perceive differences in spacings and sizes.

If you would like the design files (we provide Sketch & Figma versions) in order to inspect the design in more detail you can [subscribe as a PRO member](https://www.frontendmentor.io/pro).

You will find all the required assets in the `/images` folder. The assets are already optimized.

There is also a `style-guide.md` file, which contains the information you'll need, such as color palette and fonts.

## Building your project

Feel free to use any workflow that you feel comfortable with. Below is a suggested process, but do not feel like you need to follow these steps:

1. Initialize your project as a public repository on [GitHub](https://github.com/). This will make it easier to share your code with the community if you need some help. If you're not sure how to do this, [have a read through of this Try Git resource](https://try.github.io/).
2. Configure your repository to publish your code to a URL. This will also be useful if you need some help during a challenge as you can share the URL for your project with your repo URL. There are a number of ways to do this, but we recommend using [Vercel](https://bit.ly/fem-vercel). We've got more information about deploying your project with Vercel below.
3. Look through the designs to start planning out how you'll tackle the project. This step is crucial to help you think ahead for CSS classes that you could create to make reusable styles.
4. Before adding any styles, structure your content with HTML. Writing your HTML first can help focus your attention on creating well-structured content.
5. Write out the base styles for your project, including general content styles, such as `font-family` and `font-size`.
6. Start adding styles to the top of the page and work down. Only move on to the next section once you're happy you've completed the area you're working on.

## Deploying your project

As mentioned above, there are a number of ways to host your project for free. We recommend using [Vercel](https://bit.ly/fem-vercel) as it's an amazing service and extremely simple to get set up with. If you'd like to use Vercel, here are some steps to follow to get started:

1. [Sign up to Vercel](https://bit.ly/fem-vercel-signup) and go through the onboarding flow, ensuring your GitHub account is connected by using their [Vercel for GitHub](https://vercel.com/docs/v2/git-integrations/vercel-for-github) integration.
2. Connect your project to Vercel from the ["Import project" page](https://vercel.com/import), using the "From Git Repository" button and selecting the project you want to deploy.
3. Once connected, every time you `git push`, Vercel will create a new [deployment](https://vercel.com/docs/v2/platform/deployments) and the deployment URL will be shown on your [Dashboard](https://vercel.com/dashboard). You will also receive an email for each deployment with the URL.

## Sharing your solution

There are multiple places you can share your solution:

1. Submit it on the platform so that other users will see your solution on the site. Here's our ["Complete guide to submitting solutions"](https://medium.com/frontend-mentor/a-complete-guide-to-submitting-solutions-on-frontend-mentor-ac6384162248) to help you do that.
2. Share your solution page in the **#finished-projects** channel of the [Slack community](https://www.frontendmentor.io/slack).
3. Tweet [@frontendmentor](https://twitter.com/frontendmentor) and mention **@frontendmentor** including the repo and live URLs in the tweet. We'd love to take a look at what you've built and help share it around.

## Giving feedback

Feedback is always welcome, so if you have any to give on this challenge please email hi[at]frontendmentor[dot]io.

This challenge is completely free. Please share it with anyone who will find it useful for practice.

**Have fun building!** 🚀

Frontend Mentor - [Challenge title] solution
This is a solution to the [Challenge title] challenge on Frontend Mentor. Frontend Mentor challenges help you improve your coding skills by building realistic projects.

Table of contents
Overview
The challenge
Screenshot
Links
My process- started to make mobile
Built with
What I learned
Continued development
Useful resources
Author
Acknowledgments
Note: Delete this note and update the table of contents based on what sections you keep.

Overview
The challenge
Users should be able to:

Screenshot


Add a screenshot of your solution. The easiest way to do this is to use Firefox to view your project, right-click the page and select "Take a Screenshot". You can choose either a full-height screenshot or a cropped one based on how long the page is. If it's very long, it might be best to crop it.

Alternatively, you can use a tool like FireShot to take the screenshot. FireShot has a free option, so you don't need to purchase it.

Then crop/optimize/edit your image however you like, add it to your project, and update the file path in the image above.

Note: Delete this note and the paragraphs above when you add your screenshot. If you prefer not to add a screenshot, feel free to remove this entire section.

Links
Solution URL: Add solution URL here
Live Site URL: Add live site URL here
My process
Built with
Semantic HTML5 markup
CSS custom properties
Flexbox
CSS Grid
Mobile-first workflow
React - JS library
Next.js - React framework
Styled Components - For styles
Note: These are just examples. Delete this note and replace the list above with your own choices

What I learned
Use this section to recap over some of your major learnings while working through this project. Writing these out and providing code samples of areas you want to highlight is a great way to reinforce your own knowledge.

To see how you can add code snippets, see below:

<h1>Some HTML code I'm proud of</h1>
.proud-of-this-css {
  color: papayawhip;
}
const proudOfThisFunc = () => {
  console.log('🎉')
}
If you want more help with writing markdown, we'd recommend checking out The Markdown Guide to learn more.

Note: Delete this note and the content within this section and replace with your own learnings.

Continued development
Use this section to outline areas that you want to continue focusing on in future projects. These could be concepts you're still not completely comfortable with or techniques you found useful that you want to refine and perfect.

Note: Delete this note and the content within this section and replace with your own plans for continued development.

Useful resources
Example resource 1 - This helped me for XYZ reason. I really liked this pattern and will use it going forward.
Example resource 2 - This is an amazing article which helped me finally understand XYZ. I'd recommend it to anyone still learning this concept.
Note: Delete this note and replace the list above with resources that helped you during the challenge. These could come in handy for anyone viewing your solution or for yourself when you look back on this project in the future.

Author
Website - Add your name here
Frontend Mentor - @yourusername
Twitter - @yourusername
Note: Delete this note and add/remove/edit lines above based on what links you'd like to share.

Acknowledgments
This is where you can give a hat tip to anyone who helped you out on this project. Perhaps you worked in a team or got some inspiration from someone else's solution. This is the perfect place to give them some credit.

Note: Delete this note and edit this section's content as necessary. If you completed this challenge by yourself, feel free to delete this section entirely.
